MTV-427: OCP plug-in (#357)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/installing-mtv-operator.adoc

====
endif::[]
. Click *{operator-name-ui}* and then click *Install*.

> . Click *Create ForkLift Controller* when the button becomes active.

Reviewer: ForkLift should be Forklift, and there is no space between Forklift and Controller, so the button text should be *Create ForkliftController*

. Click *Create*.
+
Your ForkLift Controller appears in the list that is displayed.
. Click *Workloads* -> *Pods* to verify that the {project-short} pods are running.
. Click *Operators* -> *Installed Operators* to verify that *{operator-name-ui}* appears in the *{namespace}* project with the status *Succeeded*.
+

> The *Migration* menu item is automatically added to the navigation bar, displayed on the left of the {ocp} web console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the plugin is ready you will be prompted to reload the page,  the *Migration* menu item is automatically added to the navigation bar, displayed on the left of the {ocp} web console.
```

@qiyuann , does that look ok to you ?

> The *Migration* menu item is automatically added to the navigation bar, displayed on the left of the {ocp} web console.

Reviewer: LGTM

====
endif::[]
. Click *{operator-name-ui}* and then click *Install*.
. Click *Create ForkLift Controller* when the button becomes active.
. Click *Create*.
+
Your ForkLift Controller appears in the list that is displayed.
. Click *Workloads* -> *Pods* to verify that the {project-short} pods are running.
. Click *Operators* -> *Installed Operators* to verify that *{operator-name-ui}* appears in the *{namespace}* project with the status *Succeeded*.
+

> The (product-short) web console is automatically installed in the {ocp} web console. You are ready to defining and running migrations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The "Migration" menu item is automatically add in the {ocp} web console left side navigation bar. You are ready to defining and running migrations.
```

Reviewer 3: Just to tidy up the above suggestion: 
The "Migration" menu item is automatically added to the navigation bar, displayed on the left of the {ocp} web console. You are ready to define and run migrations.
